cloud: support vector search (#18007)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/vector-search-integrate-with-sqlalchemy.md

---
title: Integrate TiDB Vector Search with SQLAlchemy
summary: Learn how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with SQLAlchemy to store embeddings and perform semantic searches.
---

# Integrate TiDB Vector Search with SQLAlchemy

> This tutorial will walk you through how to use [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) to interact with the TiDB Vector Search, store embeddings, and perform vector search queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial walks you through how to use [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) to interact with [TiDB Vector Search](/tidb-cloud/vector-search-overview.md), store embeddings, and perform vector search queries.
```

> **Note**
>
> TiDB Vector Search is currently in beta and only available for [TiDB Serverless](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) clusters.

## Prerequisites

To complete this tutorial, you need:

- [Python 3.8 or higher](https://www.python.org/downloads/) installed.
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads) installed.
- A TiDB Serverless cluster. Follow [creating a TiDB Serverless cluster](/tidb-cloud/create-tidb-cluster-serverless.md) to create your own TiDB Cloud cluster if you don't have one.

## Run the sample app

> You can quickly learn about how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with Peewee by following the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can quickly learn about how to integrate TiDB Vector Search with SQLAlchemy by following the steps below.
```
